Support output value in AttributeSetter (#6543)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Generate server metrics with semantic conventions v1.26 in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` when `OTEL_SEMCONV_STABILITY_OPT_IN` is set to `http/dup`. (#6411)

> - `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/otelaws` change: Added new `AttributeBuilder` interface to support adding attributes based on input and output instead of input only. It is also now possible to provide a custom function to set attributes using `WithAttributeBuilder`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduce new `AttributeBuilder` interface to support adding attributes based on SDK input and output in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/otelaws`. (#6543)
```

### Changed

> - `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/otelaws` change: Use of `AttributeBuilder` interface instead of `AttributeSetter`. Previous usage of `AttributeSetter` were backward compatibly changed to use `AttributeBuilder` interface.
> - `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/otelaws` change: Attributes are added to the span after the execution instead of before the execution of AWS SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated the `AttributeSetter` interface, in favor of `AttributeSetter` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/otelaws` (#6543)
- Added custom attribute to the span after execution of the SDK rather than before in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/otelaws`. (#6543)
```

- Generate server metrics with semantic conventions `v1.26.0` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` when `OTEL_SEMCONV_STABILITY_OPT_IN` is set to `http/dup`. (#6411)
- Generate client metrics with semantic conventions `v1.26.0` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` when `OTEL_SEMCONV_STABILITY_OPT_IN` is set to `http/dup`. (#6607)
- Added new `AttributeBuilder` interface to support adding attributes based on SDK input and output in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/otelaws`. (#6543)

### Changed

- Deprecated the `AttributeSetter` interface, in favor of `AttributeSetter` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/otelaws` (#6543)

> - Added custom attribute to the span after execution of the SDK rather than before in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/otelaws`. (#6543)

Reviewer 2: This needs to be moved to `Unreleased` :wink:

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib/pull/6543/commits/734d6599b8904dd6f3786415f66572e04e69b0ce
